Update expectEmit reference (#98)
onbjerg/foundry-book: src/reference/cheatcodes.md

2. Emit the event we are supposed to see after the next call.
3. Perform the call.

> If the event is not available in the scope (e.g because we use some Interface or external smart contract), we can define the event ourselves with an identical event signature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the event is not available in the current scope (e.g because we are using an interface, or an external smart contract), we can define the event ourselves with an identical event signature. 
```

> Currently, the cheatcode does not check the origin contract of the event, but simply that it was emitted during that call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cheatcode does not check the origin of the event, but simply that it was emitted during that call.
```

<br>

> We can also assert that multiple events are emitted in a single call. 
> For example:

Reviewer: Consolidate to a single line
```suggestion
We can also assert that multiple events are emitted in a single call. For example:
```

```solidity
function testERC20EmitsBatchTransfer() public {
  // We declare multiple expected transfer events
  for (uint256 i = 0; i < users.length; i++) {

>     // Each parameter must be set to false for batch event emission tests to work.

Reviewer: This comment is no longer true
